
 v8

 SOCIAL SHOPPING IS FINALLY HERE!

Within Minutes, Generate a Public Social Shopping Profile, and Hide/Show specific products, based on what you want others to see.

Check out what other users purchased, write reviews, comment on other people's previous purchases, and make up to 10% commission when someone purchases an Amazon Product via one of your automatically generated pages.


INTRODUCTION

This extension is perfect for two types of people:

a) People that want to simply share their Amazon Purchase History with their network.
b) People that want to try out the Amazon Referral Program ( https://affiliate-program.amazon.com ) with a minimum investment of time and energy.

The extension is tied to a Social Shopping Web app: www.myamazonhistory.com

The features included in the Extension, together with the web app, are included below:


GENERATE A PUBLIC SHOPPING PROFILE

Have you ever purchased a bunch of Products on Amazon, and wanted to share them with your friends?
Sure, you could share one link at a time, or leave a review on Amazon.com itself.
But, there are several issues with that:

a) When you leave a review on Amazon, you have no way of making a commission when someone reads your review and then purchases the product.
b) When you're considering buying a product, wouldn't you want to read a review by someone within your own social network?

This extension solves these problems by enabling friends to easily create shopping profiles, and review their purchases on their own public product page.
If one of your friends bought a stroller, and you're thinking of getting that same stroller, you'll be able to read her review on the MyAmazonHistory web app.


GET STARTED IN MINUTES

By installing the extension and creating a free account, you can easily import your Amazon Purchase History within minutes.

Step 1: Create a free account at https://myamazonhistory.com/signup
Step 2: Login via the Chrome Extension 
Step 3: Press 'Gather My Purchase History'

At that point, the app will automatically visit your Amazon Orders pages, and sync your purchase data to your Social Shopping Dashboard.
Once the fetching is complete, you will have the option to hide, show, or write reviews on any items of your Amazon Purchase History.


TOTALLY SECURE

The extension will never save sensitive data like credit cards or order IDs - instead, the app only fetches whatever is necessary to populate your Social Shopping Dashboard, such as Publicly Available Product Details.


EASILY MAKE UP TO 10% COMMISSION

We all know the economy is changing. At the time of this writing, the stock market is crashing, while Amazon announces plans to hire another 100,000 workers.
Why is that?
The answer is the e-commerce wave that is sweeping the world economy.
Retail giants like Toys R' Us, Barnes and Noble, and Blockbuster have gone out of business because it is impossible to beat the amazing selection, speed, and convenience which an online marketplace like Amazon can offer. Why not adapt with the economy and join the Amazon commerce ecosystem?
 
By installing and using this extension, you can join this economic tidal wave, and easily try your hand at the Amazon Referral Program ( https://affiliate-program.amazon.com )

Amazon's Referral Program, also known as 'Amazon Affiliates' or 'Amazon Associates' is a special program, developed by Amazon, that allows partners to make up to 10% commission when someone purchases an Amazon Product via one of your links.

The commission structure as of this writing (April 2020) is included below:

Fixed Standard Program Fee Rates for Specific Product Categories
10.00%: Luxury, Beauty, Amazon Coins	
8.00%: Furniture, Home, Home Improvement, Lawn & Garden, Pets Products, Pantry	
6.00%: Headphones, Beauty, Musical Instruments, Business & Industrial Supplies	
5.50%: Outdoors, Tools	
5.00%: Digital Music, Grocery, Physical Music, Handmade, Digital Videos	
4.50%: Physical Books, Health & Personal Care, Sports, Kitchen, Automotive, Baby Products	
4.00%: Amazon Fire Tablet Devices, Amazon Kindle Devices, Amazon Fashion Women's, Men's & Kids Private Label, Apparel, Amazon Cloud Cam Devices, Fire TV Edition Smart TVs, Amazon Fire TV Devices, Amazon Echo Devices, Ring Devices, Watches, Jewelry, Luggage, Shoes, and Handbags & Accessories	
3.00%: Amazon Fresh, Toys	
2.50%: PC, PC Components, DVD & Blu-Ray	
2.00%: Televisions, Digital Video Games	
1.00%: Physical Video Games & Video Game Consoles	
4.00%: All Other Categories	 

Check out the most updated Commission Structure here: https://affiliate-program.amazon.com/help/node/topic/GRXPHT8U84RAYDXZ


HOW TO INTEGRATE WITH THE AMAZON REFERRAL PROGRAM

STEP 1: Go to https://affiliate-program.amazon.com and create a Free Amazon Associates Account. 

On the top-right of the page, you will see a value entitled 'Tracking ID', or 'Store'. It may look something like this: "Tracking ID: mysidehussl08-20". Copy the Tracking ID value. In this case 'mysidehussl08-20'.

STEP 2: Automatically sync your Amazon Purchase data via this extension.

STEP 3: Via the web app, navigate to the 'Update My Profile' page ( https://myamazonhistory.com/user/update ) and input the Tracking ID (from step 1) into the input box titled: "Amazon Affiliate Tracking ID". 

STEP 4: Press 'Update'.

And you're done. At this point, the Amazon Affiliate Tracking ID will automatically be embedded in each of your Dedicated Product Pages. When someone presses the yellow 'View On Amazon' button, on any product page, Amazon's attribution system will automatically detect that the referral came from one of your links.

At that point, if the user you referred adds the product to their cart within the next 24 hours, and completes the purchase within 89 days after that, you will automatically earn the above-mentioned commissions (up to 10% depending on the Product Category).


HOW ARE WE DIFFERENT FROM ALTERNATIVES/COMPETITORS

Regarding the Social Shopping element of the service: 

We haven't yet found any competitors that allow users to generate a Social Shopping Profile based on their previous Amazon purchase history. If you find something similar, feel free to send it over - we're always happy to see what other services offer and to try to improve the MyAmazonHistory product.

What we can say is that Amazon has tried its hand in Social Shopping via a service called Spark, which shut down only 2 years after it was initially released.
More info on that here: https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/amazon-shuts-down-its-spark-social-shopping-alternative/557053/

Regarding tools to help users get started with the Amazon Referral Program:

There are, of course, competitors enabling users to get started with the Amazon Affiliate Program, but they fall short in several areas:

a) Most of these competing products are built on top of Wordpress. That means that to launch your own Amazon Affiliate Site, you have to learn how to setup a WordPress site - that includes buying a domain (and paying a recurring fee to your domain-name provider), installing their Wordpress Theme, setting up advanced Security Features like SSL, paying for a Website Hosting Provider (to hold the files) - and other complex technical requirements that require a steep learning curve.

b) Competitors typically charge $50 just for getting started - at that point, you don't even know whether the Affiliate Program is even right for you, so why spend that type of upfront cost, time and energy? With our service, you can easily trial the Premium service for 30 days. This service includes easily syncing your Amazon Purchase data, and automatically embedding the Amazon Affiliate Tag within all of your automatically generated listings. 

c) Most competitors will automatically populate your site with irrelevant products - dependent on what's most trending at the given time. We've found that this leads to a very inauthentic referral marketing experience both for you and people checking out your affiliate site.


TELL STORIES ABOUT PRODUCTS YOU'VE ACTUALLY PURCHASED

The beauty about this product is that you get to write reviews, and automatically create Product Listings, of products that you've actually purchased!

This leads to:
a) A much better experience for the blogger - your public shopping profile reflects products that you liked enough in order to purchase.
b) A much better experience for the reader - people visiting your site aren't bombarded with totally irrelevant offers of Stereos, the Kindle, and home gardening supplies - unless those are products that you've actually purchased, and are interested in sharing.


PAGES OPTIMIZED FOR SEO

Some of the benefits of trying out the Amazon Referal Marketing Program with us, is:

a) It only takes 5 minutes to setup
b) Your product pages are automatically generated
c) The pages are optimized for Search Engine Optimization. Meaning, Google is able to easily index your Product Pages, thereby giving your Profile and Product Pages more exposure via organic Google Search Engine traffic.

If someone on the internet is looking for a product that you have purchased, and you have synced your Amazon History with the Site, google may very well share your Product Page on Google's Search Results.

To increase your chances of ranking on Google's Organic Search Engine results, you can write a lengthy review of a product you've purchased. Because these are products that you're already passionate about (otherwise you probably wouldn't have bought them to begin with), writing a review will be much easier for you - as opposed to writing reviews about totally random products automatically recommended by Amazon or other Affiliate Marketing tools.


SUMMARY

We hope you enjoy the product, and are empowered to easily share your Amazon Purchase History with anyone you please.

Feel free to contact us at anytime via the site at: https://myamazonhistory.com/contact

We are always looking to improve the product, and improve the experience both for you and people viewing your Product Listings.

 😊 Have an amazing day 😎